---
layout: post
title: "Adulting"
date: 2018-08-23 08:43:50 -0400
---

"Adulting" seems to be marked by an influx of decisions and responsibilities, often arriving before one is entirely equipped or prepared.

At first, it feels as if the pool you've been swimming in has become a sea, and huge waves are coming in quick succession before you've learned how to face them. I've begun to learn that this is a really good opportunity to grow, both in faith and in experience. Each such decision or responsibility is an opportunity to obey God and to rest in His promises.

The last season witnessed the beginning, growth, and closing of a dating relationship. Through every stage and moment, God has been showing me that He is the Giver of every good and perfect gift—no matter whether the outcome is what we desire. Very surely, He makes all things work for good. Through this time, He has shown me the gift of loving, the joy of serving, and His sufficiency in all things. I have been weak and unsure, and He has been my hope and stay; I have been scared, and He has shown me that His perfect love casts out fear. I have been confused, and He has provided much counsel through His word and through authorities in my life. Truly He has proven His goodness in each moment, even in the post-breakup times, comforting and filling me with peace that transcends understanding. In all things, I sing "Take my life, and let it be ever, only, all for Thee."

This season also brought much reflection upon my motive and vision for life, and has resulted in a few changes, small and large. Some of these changes include finishing undergrad earlier and staying in Waterloo after graduation.

Seasons of transition tend to involve more introspection and future planning. Under normal circumstances, often it's easy to just focus on what's at hand. During university, these things tend to run along the lines of finishing assignments, studying for exams, looking for the next internship, considering research opportunities, etc. The less urgent matters, such as family, church, relationships, easily slip into the background if one does not intentionally focus on them. Indeed, we are called to glorify God in our work: yet work must not become our god.

Questions very often asked during this time have been "what really matters to you?", "what are your gifts/talents?", "what do you want to achieve?"–put succinctly: "what is your calling?". Although under consideration since grade 9, my answer to this question is still quite general. Yet general directions to the call in Genesis 1:27-28 have become concrete enough to become a foundation for decisions.

While considering positions in Waterloo, an early-stage startup reached out. Prior to this, I had never considered joining a startup, but to my surprise, the opportunity became a very serious consideration. The three weeks of indecision were trying. Deliberation required extensive searching of my priorities and goals, and whether I was willing to accept counsel. In the end, I still decided to return to Google. Yet I am thankful: although there was no change in action, there was a better-informed choice, a firmer grasp on mission, purpose, and vision in work, and many conversations with awesome people.

And now the season of university life has come to a close, and the next season is soon arriving. There will be so many more areas in which to grow and learn, and I cannot be more excited. The sea may be wild, but my anchor holds fast.
